README.md, before:

Easy eBook Maker
===================
**- for the very simple eBook on Github -** <br>
Nov. 11th, 2008 by ashbb (Satoshi Asakawa)

Table of contents
-----------------
1. Introduction
	- [Concept](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00101_Concept.md)
	- [Directory Structure](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00102_Directory_Structure.md)
	- [Usage](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00103_Usage.md)
2. [sample page](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00200_sample_page.md)
3. [Acknowledgment](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00300_Acknowledgment.md)
4. [Appendix](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00400_Appendix.md)

Change log:
-----------
- Nov 11th, 2008: Added page-link feature.
- Nov 10th, 2008: Added and edited some usages.
- Nov 10th, 2008: Moved PATH from program files to easy_ebook.rb. (by Vic)
- Nov 10th, 2008: Added rubydoctest to 'proof' Constant PATH. (by Vic)
- Nov 09th, 2008: Added the information about PATH in tool programs.
- Nov 09th, 2008: Code Highliter for html files. Changed markdown file extension. Changed directory name. Wrote some .md files' contents.
- Oct 25th, 2008: first commit

To do list:
-----------
Under consideration. Welcome your suggestions. :-P
- implement 'prev' and 'next' option of page-link

Enjoy!<br>
ashbb

Commit message:

Updated tools and tests. For importing Vic's editing.
Signed-off-by: Victor Goff <keeperotphones@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

Easy eBook Maker
===================
**- for the very simple eBook on Github -** <br>
Nov. 13th, 2008 by ashbb (Satoshi Asakawa)

Table of contents
-----------------
1. Introduction
	- [Concept](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00101_Concept.md)
	- [Directory Structure](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00102_Directory_Structure.md)
	- [Usage](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00103_Usage.md)
2. [sample page](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00200_sample_page.md)
3. [Acknowledgment](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00300_Acknowledgment.md)
4. [Appendix](http://github.com/ashbb/easy_ebook_maker/tree/master/md/00400_Appendix.md)

Change log:
-----------
- Nov 13th, 2008: Updated tools and easy_ebook.doctest. For using module. (by Vic)
- Nov 11th, 2008: Added page-link feature.
- Nov 10th, 2008: Added and edited some usages.
- Nov 10th, 2008: Moved PATH from program files to easy_ebook.rb. (by Vic)
- Nov 10th, 2008: Added rubydoctest to 'proof' Constant PATH. (by Vic)
- Nov 09th, 2008: Added the information about PATH in tool programs.
- Nov 09th, 2008: Code Highliter for html files. Changed markdown file extension. Changed directory name. Wrote some .md files' contents.
- Oct 25th, 2008: first commit

To do list:
-----------
Under consideration. Welcome your suggestions. :-P
- implement 'prev' and 'next' option of page-link

Enjoy!<br>
ashbb
